src/pages/content/index.md, before:

---
templateKey: 'content-page'
path: /content
content:
  - type: "Text Response"
    school: 
      - header: Senior High School Year 11 & 12
        blurbs:
          - title: Rear Window
            author: Alfred Hitchcock
          - title: Women of Troy
            author: Euripides
          - title: Measure for Measure
            author: William Shakespeare
          - title: The Lieutenent
            author: Kate Grenville
          - title: Nine Days
            author: Toni Jordan
          - title: King Lear
            author: William Shakespeare
          - title: Medea
            author: Euripides
          - title: Othello
            author: William Shakespeare
      - header: Middle School
        blurbs:
          - title: Romeo & Juliet
            author: William Shakespeare
          - title: Macbeth
            author: William Shakespeare
          - title: Hamlet
            author: William Shakespeare
  - type: "Comparative Text Response"
    school: 
      - header: 
        blurbs:
          - title: Invictus
            author: Clint Eastwood
          - title: Ransom 
            author: David Malouf
          - title: The Crucible
            author: Arthur Miller
          - title: Year of Wonders
            author: Geraldine Brooks
          - title: Black Diggers
            author: Tom Wright
          - title: The Longest Memory
            author: Fred D'Aguiar
          - title: I am Malala
            author: Malala Yousafzai, Christina Lamb
          - title: Made in Dagenham 
            author: Nigel Cole
      
---

Commit message:

completed update to contentCard to allow for capture of different format of information on different cards

src/pages/content/index.md, after:

---
templateKey: 'content-page'
path: /content
content:
  - type: "Text Response"
    school:
      - header: Senior High School Year 11 & 12
        blurbs:
          - title: Rear Window
            author: Alfred Hitchcock
          - title: Women of Troy
            author: Euripides
          - title: Measure for Measure
            author: William Shakespeare
          - title: The Lieutenent
            author: Kate Grenville
          - title: Nine Days
            author: Toni Jordan
          - title: King Lear
            author: William Shakespeare
          - title: Medea
            author: Euripides
          - title: Othello
            author: William Shakespeare
      - header: Middle School
        blurbs:
          - title: Romeo & Juliet
            author: William Shakespeare
          - title: Macbeth
            author: William Shakespeare
          - title: Hamlet
            author: William Shakespeare
          - title: Twelve Angry Man
            author: Reginald Rose
          - title: Jasper Jones
            author: Rachel Perkins
  - type: "Comparative Text Response"
    school:
      - header:
        blurbs:
          - title: Invictus
            author: Clint Eastwood
          - title: Ransom
            author: David Malouf
          - title: The Crucible
            author: Arthur Miller
          - title: Year of Wonders
            author: Geraldine Brooks
          - title: Black Diggers
            author: Tom Wright
          - title: The Longest Memory
            author: Fred D'Aguiar
          - title: I am Malala
            author: Malala Yousafzai, Christina Lamb
          - title: Made in Dagenham
            author: Nigel Cole
  - type: "Speech Writing Master Class"
    problem: Many students do little more than present facts, information and opinion in the absence of human connection. The oversight here is the assumption that having a valid opinion, on its own, makes one persuasive. Opinion is the beginning of persuasion, and if it is not accompanied by a range of psychological factors that endear an audience to the speaker or writer, the opinion will often fail to persuade.
    solution: At Edcellent, we educate our students the value of scarcity. To present an opinion on the same issue as several other classmates risks the prospect of devaluation. The ability to effectively present controversial and under-explored views increases our students’ chances of obtaining strong marks. Our speech writing master class will show you how to present controversial and under-explored views successfully!
  - type: "Argument Analysis"
    problem: The AA area of study requires a 'total literacy' approach in order to be communicated in a holistic fashion. This is often unrealisable and, in some cases, unrealistic because of a dearth in general knowledge and a lack of curiosity in world events. AA involves a conceptual skill-set jump between year ten and VCE. In many instances, students are not being prepared to make this jump.
    solution: At Edcellent, we create our own pedagogy that focuses on how to compose mature AA responses by deriving arguments through the visual material itself. Understanding that 70% of all brain functioning is devoted to visual analysis, our AA classes alert students to the problem of passive analysis with constructive, on the spot (in class) writing and editing solutions.

---
